docs: change docs to add/edit/remove credentials (#985)
devopness/devopness: docs/credentials/index.md

---
title: Credentials

> intro: In this section you will learn how to connect multiple Provider accounts to allow you and your team to provision, manage cloud resources and read source provider repositories.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we mention the word credential here as well?

```suggestion
intro: In this section you will learn how to add cloud provider and source provider credentials to an environment, allowing you and your team to use Devopness to provision and manage cloud resources and deploy applications securely.
```
